it's now place like home for the
holidays
my real home it's my apartment in
Southern California at the home in my
heart it's in a small town in Northern
California just when I started Christmas
shopping I saw a flyer about Samantha
Stewart to kickbox day event and I
thought this will be the perfect
Christmas gift for my second mom sue
then she is effective Baker I know
hello Arawak today I'm going to
introduce you to well my Farenthold in
the world so hi everyone and we're going
to cook a cake recipe from Martha
Stewart cake look
yes muna give me the serve but for
Christmas and we decided the angel food
a cake would be something that we were
living attempt I've made many of them
but this recipe is just a little bit
different
first thing that we do I've measured out
1 cup of cake flour cake flour is very
important you don't use all-purpose
flour cake flour is a lot lighter and
then I'm going to put 1/2 a cup of sugar
flour sifted together now this is the
next most important step this is the one
that always is a little bit intimidating
we have dozen eggs between you left on
that move temperature because it's
important to get them to room
temperature because we get a whole lot
more volume in the beaten egg whites
between do it with temperature so what's
our next step the next step is we're
going to beat the egg whites okay and so
we're going to beat the egg whites for
about one minute
okay next thing we're going to do is it
like teaspoon of cream of tartar lemon
juice and now we are going to heat it
for about two and a half minutes
oh this looks good we're going to be
mixing this flour and sugar that we
sifted together
at the beginning of our project and moon
to be able to maneuver you're holding
air bubbles
and we're going to do because if it has
to be done upside down or else it will
collapse on itself in the morning we're
going to have the unveiling and it takes
all night to cool and we're about ready
to go to bed so tomorrow morning will be
in the pudding what do you mean oh my
god how's our cake oh my gosh huh the
ceiling but that's what you want I
personally think this is the best recipe
that I have a snow
puffy punkin you left a comment on my
last video she wanted me to make
something sweet so I made this I hope
you guys enjoyed it
sorry it took me so long to make this
episode I hope I can put up another
video in two weeks see you all here soon